[Music]
now when it comes to licensed games it
can always be a bit hit and miss most of
them are just created as mere occasions
to capitalize upon a movie's success but
sometimes they can actually be quite
good and one of the best examples of
this has to be miami fights in all
honesty the narrative isn't the game's
strongest point but where it excels is
during play now it can mainly be split
into three separate parts you've got
shooting hacking and then dealing with
shooting forming the core majority of
the adventure you'll be given a huge
variety of weapons ranging from a lowly
pistol to a handful of different
automatic weapons to deal with the 12
levels that comprise the game you'll
find yourself visiting a variety of
locales and disarming an untold number
of gangs as you slowly clean up the
streets now when it comes to control
it's pretty much lifted straight from
resident evil 4 you'll move with the
analog stick and you can strafe and run
as well as vault over low objects to top
this off a pretty robust cover system is
in place as well now one aspect that
bleeds over into just about every part
of the game is reputation the majority
is calculated from the score you obtain
at the end of each level which depends
on many different factors such as taking
out a certain number of enemies with a
specific weapon or confiscating as many
drugs as possible the system even goes
as deep as relying upon what clothing
you're wearing if you wear the classy
suit you'll get a high bonus but wear
the armored swat uniform and you'll get
no bonus but extra armor miami vice is
incredibly short however there's
definitely a lot of replay value with
there being subtle differences between
each campaign that any veteran of the
genre can enjoy
[Music]
mac is a fairly obscure flight racing
game that is a whole lot better than
people give it credit for if you're
looking for a high octane arcade racer
that doesn't consist of vehicles glued
to the ground mac is an all-round solid
racing effort the plane's controls are
very tight and there is absolutely no
attempt to reflect real-life physics
your plane can barrel roll glide high
and low and scrape against the
boundaries during turns gliding low also
has double effect of filling up your
boost meter so you'll be flying
dangerously low most of the time the
game's sense of danger also ramps up
nicely as you customize your jet to fly
faster and faster there's a big dozen of
chats available in the game as well and
they can all be customized with a good
number of decals and performance
upgrades unfortunately the most
disappointing aspect of the game is its
lack of features with just 5 tracks to
race on and a similar handful of
environments with dogfights this game is
not meant for those with time for
marathon gaming sessions there's also a
lot of track reusage in the game's
career mode such that you'll likely have
seen everything after just a couple of
hours players who enjoy mario kart
wipeouts and burnout will likely have
already seen everything that mac has to
offer nevertheless max gameplay is
perfectly suited for the psp and is
still great for pickup and play sessions
the game's limited depth unfortunately
detracts from its overall value but if
you can find it for cheap and the first
thing for some high octane speed this
game is definitely worth a look
[Music]
right off the bat deadhead fred is quite
easily one of the best and most original
games on the psp it sees you playing the
role of fred newman a private
investigator in the city of hope falls
after a mission involving a local no
good tycoon named pitgo south fred finds
himself dead and without a head luckily
a scientist finds his body patches him
up and grants him the ability to switch
between a series of heads with the first
one having his own brain and eyes he
finds out that pitt possesses his
original head and embarks on a journey
to take him down and more importantly to
get his head back now as i mentioned a
series of different heads can be used by
the player each coming with different
abilities for example the jar head
allows the player to turn invisible the
corpse head gives the ability to suck in
fluids like water and gasoline fill
yourself with air to float around and
also inflict a plague upon the enemies
apart from this there are also certain
puzzles which can only be solved if the
player has a particular head equipped
now unfortunately the combat in the game
is not as varied or as fun as you would
like it to be siege head type only has
two kinds of attacks light and heavy and
you are forced to make a choice between
them besides you will find enemies too
easy to deal with even if they are huge
in number but visually deadhead thread
looks incredible the city of hope falls
is divided into different areas each
with a distinct look there's a zombie
town that is of course infested with
zombies its streets and buildings give a
look shabby enough to impress any horror
fan the enemy design in the game though
varied is not anything original or
inspiring but despite its flaws deadhead
thread is like a breath of fresh air in
a genre where developers were reluctant
to take risks with new ideas and were
happy with sequels or basing their games
on tried and tested formulas if you're
looking for something unique or are
tired of playing the same damn games
then deadhead fred is just what the
doctor ordered
at its core undead nights is a tale all
about revenge that sees the player
assuming the role of one of three blood
members you have romulus who wears armor
remus who wields twin swords and sylvia
a lady who wields a scythe now when it
comes to gameplay it feels incredibly
similar to the likes of devil may cry
and god of war but with some notable
differences instead of a double jump you
have an evade function that you can
execute by double tapping the x button
to roll out of the way of harm the
circle button however is where things
really get interesting by pressing the
circle next to an enemy you reach out
and grab them when this happens there is
a control bar which fills up over time
when the bar fills up completely that
unit is instantly converted into one of
your zombies some units can resist
conversion more than others but if the
enemy is flashing red one grab will
convert them instantly another layer
that adds to this mechanic is the use of
these zombies to complete various
puzzles scattered across the landscape
they can be made to break a wall block
up traps and form a zombie bridge
amongst other uses any one of your
characters can convert enemies into
zombies which is the main part of the
game you'll see yourself fighting a
variety of different enemies wielding a
range of weapons as well as a distinct
cast of bosses that at times can fill
the entire screen and offer up some of
the more challenging moments of the game
now the adventure spans 20 chapters with
each usually lasting around half an hour
with this you can expect a pretty
healthy amount of gameplay depending on
how you approach the adventure each of
the characters have their own custom
weapons as well as skills to unlock that
adds to the overall replay value quite
nicely visually undead knights makes
good use of the psp system and has a
large amount of units on the screen at
any one time there is a touch of
slowdown when things get busy but you
won't be affected by it in the long run
overall undead nights is a really
engaging and rewarding experience that
any psp owner should give a go it's
broad open spaces a range of gameplay
options really help it excel
some games thrive off of great gameplay
while others manage to weave enthralling
storylines yet others can't really
muster up either and instead settle for
being moderately entertaining not only
does the khan fall into this category
but it also seems to revel in this fact
now the game does have a narrative but
not only is it quite silly the cutscenes
are pretty bland and the voice acting is
straight out for b-movie but this is
where the con starts to present a
distinct charm on the gameplay front the
fighting system is pretty basic and
reminiscent of an older type of fighting
game this is primitive combo based
gameplay at its best depending on what
character you are controlling they will
all have different fighting styles each
of them has a specific number of moves
that they can use as well as a unique
special move and a power move since you
can only sidestep a bit or lean back to
evade attacks you must learn to
recognize moves and dodge them quickly
as i mentioned earlier you'll have the
opportunity to create your own character
and this is where things start to get
interesting the level of customization
on offer is a welcome addition as well
as the sense of progression that can be
made throughout the story mode with your
performance in each fight working
towards several upgrades that can
improve your strength and health for
example by no means is to con one of the
best fighting games on the system but if
you've exhausted the usual suspects like
tekken or street fighter in my opinion
it is well worth giving a go
chili con carnage is a sort of
reimagining of a gta clone known as
total overdose it completely strips the
useless free-roaming structure that
hindered the original and reworks the
plot as well as the general gameplay
setup you take on the part of one ramiro
cruz and after his father meets an
untimely death at the hands of an
assassin you set out to take down all of
those responsible taking ramiro from
drug farms to factories to oil tankers
onto seedy mexican towns jungles and an
elaborate drug barrens mansion the
characters are just as wacky with a fat
lady wielding exploding chickens to a
drug kingpin that happens to think he's
a bull if you're not easily offended you
will enjoy it now when it comes to
gameplay at its core it's a shooter very
much in the vein of bullet time flavored
third-person shooters like max payne but
it does add some unique ideas to the
tried and tested formula chillicon
carnage relies exclusively on the combo
system there's a meter on screen that
pops up as soon as you kill an enemy and
if you kill another enemy before the
meter runs out the meter will refill and
your combo multiplier increases you can
gain points for pulling off a variety of
acrobatic moves what's also interesting
is that the game will give you extra
points for variety and speed if you just
keep doing the same old shoot dodges
over and over you won't get many points
but if you mix it up with some wall
bounces or headshots you'll be netting
those high scores in no time as you
would expect you get to use a wide
variety of weaponry throughout the game
from standard pistols to machine guns as
well as rocket launchers there's a lot
of choice when it comes to taking down
each target if you never got around to
trying it out when it first released
chillicon carnage is still well worth
picking up
monster kingdom jewel summoner is an rpg
that revolves around the monster hunter
who is seeking the cause of his mother's
death after a series of events play out
he ultimately comes into control of an
entire team of hunters as the story
continues revealing piece by piece a far
more sinister plot that involves the
fate of the entire kingdom on the
gameplay front this is where monster
kingdom really excels as with most rpgs
you can expect to be visiting a wide
variety of locales and interacting with
a cast of relatable npcs which all help
flesh out the world itself as well as
the events that transpire it's largely
split up into three separate game styles
first you have the towns which take on a
sort of point-and-click approach
secondly the dungeons which are set up
like mazes and finally the battles each
of the mazes offer up quite the
challenge by presenting the player with
a series of puzzles they usually consist
of several switches that need to be
located and activated in a specific
sequence the way the game truly comes
into its own is during a battle the
battle system and overall setup is bound
to remind you of pokemon it sees you
gaining jewels throughout the game with
a corresponding element as you fight
monsters in battle you can weaken them
and use the jewel that is the same
element of the monster to catch it each
character can hold up to three jewels
and can switch them out in battle during
their turn after each encounter you
receive ap which is stored to give to
your monsters his experience whenever
you like just like pokemon as the
monster levels up it learns new
abilities with them being able to have
four in total so you must choose to toss
the new abilities or to exchange it for
one that you already have a neat feature
is having the option to fuse your
monster's jewels together which can give
them new moves open up fifa ability or
in rare occasions evolve your monster
into an entirely new form although it's
nowhere near as good as many of the
solid rpgs on the handheld it still
manages to hold its own and offer up an
in-depth experience that will satisfy
fans of the genre
[Music]
tokobata was one of the first original
platforming titles for the psp and it
was all developed around the use of a
group of robots that the player would
command and control now at the start of
the game you'll have six little bots but
you'll also learn how to use all three
joint actions they can perform the first
being the u formation that aligns your
token parts around you to make a
horizontal line in this formation you're
able to spin around to attack your foes
along with gliding in the air like a
helicopter the second is the v formation
that sees your bots forming a straight
line behind you so they can be thrown
ahead like a whip towards enemies or to
cling on to magnetic surfaces finally
the circle formation that aligns all of
your bots around you which results in
them being able to throw you pretty high
all of these abilities soon become key
to progressing through the adventure may
that be taking on the range of enemies
or one of the several puzzles that
litter the environment now one of the
standout aspects of the game has to be
its visuals most cartoony platformers
like togobot have strange landscapes
widely designed and use every eye
burning color known to man but togobots
strayed away from this overdone formula
the environments are cheerful and highly
original it's just a shame that a huge
portion of the game sees you exploring
ancient temples which are admittedly
boring and mundane when outside though
you'll see windy canyons small bodies of
water and stylish buildings it's not all
sunshine and rainbows though
unfortunately tocobot is just too damn
short and is over far too quickly
there's not that much in the way of
replay value to locate this factor as
well which is a bit disappointing but it
doesn't take away from everything that
the game gets right if you're looking
for something less easy to pick up and
play togo bot more than fits the bill
whilst there are many games that revolve
around heroes in shiny armor saving a
princess there was one adventure that
added a few things to that formula and
called itself fat princess it originally
came to life on the playstation 3 and as
with most ps3 games it also received a
psp release but it wasn't a mere port
now there were two teams blue and red
who were both out to rescue their
princess which are being held captive in
each other's castle playing a match
consists of feeding your princess kick
to fat and a rub so she can't be hauled
off by the enemy this is a nice twist to
the usual capture the flag games and
adds a layer or better yet a slice of
gameplay to the mix there's a ton of
maps to choose from are mostly unique
and well constructed as well as there
being six classes to choose from you've
got the villager which is how you start
off a warrior mage a builder and finally
a priest all of these classes have
strengths and weaknesses ranging from
speed to more health to change class
there are machines dotted around the
level which drop hats and serve as the
different class the builder class can
actually upgrade these machines to drop
stronger hats and when upgraded you are
able to use another weapon or ability
for warriors it's a spear mage is the
ability to freeze enemies archers can
use a musket priests can drain enemies
life and builders can blow things up
with bombs thankfully though it's not
just about saving the princess there are
several other modes such as team
deathmatch to even more unique offerings
like soccer to help the experience from
becoming stale this can also be credited
to the nice cell shaded graphics that
splatter on your screen just like all of
the gore in the game with vibrant colors
and quirky characters every game turns
into a strange but also cute massacre
overall fat princess is a fistful of fun
on the psp and a game that i can highly
recommend you play
there is no denying that the psp was a
gold mine when it came to rpgs players
were literally spoiled for choice when
it came to choosing a new adventure but
one that has largely been forgotten by
the mainstream audience is jean de arc
it takes place in 15th century france as
the english and french battle it out
against one another in a hundred years
war a farm girl named jean has her
hometown burned to the ground obtaining
a powerful lamelette on her wrist and
given orders from an oracle from the
heavens jean heads out to fight for her
country and take down england saving her
homeland of france now when it comes to
gameplay it's a strategic rpg that's
made up of a series of story battles as
well as a slew of side content that
helps pad up the adventure each
encounter features a set of rules and
win conditions that sees you having to
defeat a certain number of enemies while
some have you escaping a map at a
certain point without letting any of
your units pass away about a dozen or so
characters will join up with jon's cause
during the duration of the game each
have their strengths and weaknesses
there's the typical brute force soldier
the slow but strong lion who loves to
speak in the third person the archer the
map combining the thief the lancer the
weaker francis and many many more each
character can be equipped with weapons
armor accessories and skills and spells
as you progress far enough in the game
you combine skills and spells to create
newer more powerful abilities what skill
once boosted the character's hp to 20
now does so by 50. as characters gain
levels the amount of skill slot is
increased by 1 every 5 or so levels
earned this means you can equip your
troops with powerful abilities to make
battles all the more manageable if
you're stuck for an rpg on the psp john
the arc is well worth considering well
that does it for today's video keep an
eye out for part three as that will be
coming up soon so don't forget to hit
subscribe and tickle that bell you can
follow me on all of the socials to stay
up to date on future videos as well as
to take part in giveaways you can also
join our growing community on discord
and meet many like-minded gamers to
continue the conversation with i'd like
to give a special shout out to our
patreon supporters rhino skill gym nano
steve richard daniel and paddy j for
their continued support that helps make
these videos possible if you're
interested in joining our discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
you'll find the links in the description
as always thanks for taking the time to
watch the video i'll catch you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
you